participant "贡献者" as member
participant "本地仓库" as HgLocal
participant "私人仓库" as HgSelf
participant "团队" as team
participant "团队仓库" as HgTeam
participant "开发者" as CoreDev
participant "激进仓库" as HgInter
participant "内部仓库" as HgIntra
participant "持续测试" as CIs
participant "正式仓库" as HgTrac
participant "用户" as user

member->team:       组成
activate team
team->HgTeam:       约定
activate HgTeam
HgInter->HgTeam:    克隆
activate HgInter
HgTeam->HgSelf:     分支
activate HgSelf
HgSelf->HgLocal:    克隆
activate HgLocal
member->HgLocal:    开发
activate HgLocal
HgLocal-->HgSelf:   发布
activate HgSelf
HgSelf-->team:      整理
activate team
team-->HgTeam:      合并
activate HgTeam
HgTeam-->CoreDev:   判别
activate CoreDev
CoreDev-->HgInter:  增进
activate HgInter
HgInter-->HgIntra:  吸收
activate HgIntra
HgIntra->CIs:       测试
activate CIs
CIs-->HgTrac:       发布
activate HgTrac
HgTrac-->user:      使用
deactivate user

